MC updates for two releases. (#1382)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc-admin/mc-admin-heal.rst

--------------

Some versions of MinIO used a color key as a way to differentiate objects with different healing statuses.

.. versionchanged:: mc RELEASE.2024-11-17T19-35-25Z

> The color meaning has been updated.

Reviewer: Does the info linked to in the original text need to be updated as well? Or maybe it can go away.

https://min.io/docs/minio/linux/operations/concepts/healing.html#healing-output-color-key

Reviewer 2: Might as well make it gone away.

Author: yeeted

> - Green indicates that all is okay with the bucket healing.
> - Yellow indicates the bucket is missing from an expected drive.
> - Red indicates a drive is in an unreadable state (for example, unformatted or offline).
> - Grey indicates that MinIO cannot determine the healing status.

Reviewer 2: Spitballing:

```suggestion
- Green indicates that the bucket is healthy
- Yellow indicates the bucket requires healing on one or more drives
- Red indicates one or more drives are unhealthy
- Grey indicates an indeterminate healing state
```

Author: 👍
